feat(examples): Add Apache Spark worker (#125)
kraftcloud/examples: apache-spark-worker/README.md

# Apache Spark Worker

[Apache Spark](https://spark.apache.org) is a unified engine for large-scala data analytics.

> To run Hugo on Unikraft Cloud, first [install the `kraft` CLI tool](https://unikraft.org/docs/cli).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run Apache Spark on Unikraft Cloud, first [install the `kraft` CLI tool](https://unikraft.org/docs/cli).
```
